# Hackathon2025: AI Dev Gallery Sample-Game

AI Dev Gallery repo link: https://github.com/microsoft/ai-dev-gallery

Project work branch: zhaopengwang/hackathon/sample_game

Microsoft Global Hackathon 2025 Link: [Innovation Studio - Microsoft Global Hackathon 2025 - AI Dev Gallery Sample-Game](https://innovationstudio.microsoft.com/hackathons/hackathon2025/project/96808)

## Description

At least one AI Game Sample should be produced on the AI Dev Gallery for developers to preview.

## Problem or opportunity statement

There is no example related to games on the AI Dev Gallery, and this project will fill that information gap. It will attract more users from the game industry developers to the AI Dev Gallery.

## Game Design

Since the AI Dev Gallery is a project based on WinUI, the game type can only focus on gameplay (not on graphics).

The current gameplay design is as follows: Roguelike. 

All the randomness in the descriptions below is generated by AI, and all texts and events are also generated by AI. Each game session will have the AI create a worldview, and subsequent battles and events will be generated based on this worldview. Sound and video generation are to be determined. 

All models used in this sample are from ONNX and Windows AI APIs. 

### Outside the game

There are some permanent attributes: health points, attack power, defense, and luck. 

Initial attributes are randomly obtained during character creation, and these attributes can be randomly acquired by clearing each game session.

### Inside the game:

Inside the game, there are also health points, attack power, defense, and luck. Each session begins with random generation, and the generated values will be added to the outside permanent values.

The process is a random tree structure, where a child node can have two parent nodes. 

Each node is divided into random battles and random events (to be supplemented). Leaf nodes represent the victory conditions, which are generated randomly, and during the process, the final victory conditions are unknown.

The battle process is also generated randomly, for example, the form of attack is randomly generated, and the opponents in the battle are also randomly generated (including text, images, and monster background).